So, what's the plan? Tell me.
Well...
I haven't thought about it.
What? Dude!
You already accepted the challenge from X that you will hit on Mook for 21 Days.
Aren't you going to come up with some plans?
All I have to do is to make her ask me to the Awards Ceremony.
That's it.
I see. So, you're just going to walk up to her and be like.
"Mook, can you please ask me to go to the Awards Ceremony with you?"
If you're going to do that, I think you better tell X that you give up.
That would be less embarrassing than walking straight to Mook and begging her stupidly.
Then what do you think I should do?
You're asking the right person.
You have Frank and me as the mastermind behind this mission. I guarantee you...
We will fail!
How about this?
You should follow her on Instagram first
because her phone number and contacts are usually there.
Also, you'll know what she's up to these days.
You're right! Good job, man.
But...
Hm?
I don't have Instagram.
But that's okay!
I can use my mom's bakery shop account.
Good!
Are you dumb?
Hit him one more time for me.
How can she know who you are if you use your mom's account?
Give me your phone.
I'll create an Instagram account for you.
You slapped me too hard.
Now,
you gotta make her know that you're interested in her.
And you have to make her interested in you too.
By following her on Instagram?
Yep.
Million people are following her.
How do I get her to notice me?
I think you should start by liking her pictures.
Start from a picture she posted one year ago.
- Yeah.
- Shit.
Your name will pop up in her notification. She will notice you for sure.
Here you go.
Now, we have to find out what she likes and dislikes.
So we can plan our next step.
(Day 1)
Thank you.
Auntie, what did she just order?
Chicken rice without skin.
Chicken... rice...
This one is so good. Trust me.
Here you go.
Q!
You gotta beat him.
I can accept it if that person is you.
Accept what?
Frank, give that to me!
Mook's desk is the second one in the second row...
What the hell is wrong with him?
He brought binoculars to school?
Mook!
- Milk tea for you!
- Soft drink for you!
Do you want butterfly pea tea lemonade?
I think I'll have bubble milk tea.
She likes to drink bubble milk tea.
Alright, let's call it a day.
Q.
Don't forget to put your mom's pastries under Mook's desk.
Don't forget. Her desk is the second one in the second row.
Where are you going?
I'm going to find more information for you.
She's over there.
Bye-bye.
What the hell?
I also have to go. I have an extra class today. See you later!
Frank!
They all ditched me. Such good friends!
You just got dumped.
Whoa. Why are you so surprised?
You just sneaked up on me like that. How lucky you are that I didn't punch you?
You're going to punch me?
Actually, we are no longer strangers.
You can talk to me nicely.
Since I met you, nothing good is happening to me.
It will be better if we see each other less often.
What is it?
Why are you giving this to me?
It's for your mom, not you.
You cooked dinner for me yesterday.
She also gave me a lot of snacks.
So I want to repay her kindness.
If you want to suck up to her, why don't you give it to her yourself?
I was going to do that.
But I'm worried someone around here might be mad at me.
Also, I have to go to Rookie for costume fitting and still photo shooting.
So, I think it's better to give it to you.
Just take it.
I've got to go.
Hey! Wait!
They've confirmed you already?
Damn it. I didn't get the part again.
Are you looking for a place to exercise?
You're so lucky. We currently have a special promotion.
Er... I'm not...
You seem to be interested in a healthy lifestyle.
What's your name?
Me? I...
My name is Toy.
Oh, Toy.
A body like you, if you build more muscle, you will look good like 'oppa.' I'm sure you will attract all the girls.
Well, today... I just...
I just want to look around. I will...
Don't worry. If you sign up for a 6-month membership, I'll give you an extra one-year membership for free.
Or you can try for three months first. If it's not convenient for you, we also have weekly membership.
We offer an installment payment as well.
I'll get you a registration form.
Oh, it's okay! I gotta go--
I guess I have to try it out.
Did you do the homework I gave you last week?
It's all done.
Good job. Let me have a look.
See?
Well then, can you explain how you calculate this question?
Of course. Well, the "N"-- Oh!
Hey!
I'm sorry!
I'll clean it for you.
Stop. Stop right there.
It gets messier now. I'll clean it myself.
You should tell the staff to clean this.
I'm so sorry.
Whatever.
Oh my! It's beautiful.
Tell him thank you for this.
It must be nice if my son is half as good as him.
What a great boy he is! He's smart. He's cute. He's well-mannered.
He's reliable. He's kind.
Gosh!
That's enough, Mom.
Why don't you just trade me for him?
That would be great!
But I'm worried that if we do that, you will cause X's parents headache.
By the way, why are you home so early? Don't you have basketball practice today?
Other families want their children to come back home early.
Look at you.
When you come back home, all you do is play games instead of helping me.
You should learn how to bake.
Men who can cook are attractive.
Who's calling? Can you answer the phone for me?
Hello, this is Mommy's Bakery.
I'm home!
Why are you calling me?
Who's calling?
Is that a customer? Talk to him nicely!
Your new beloved son. He wants to talk to you.
You can thank him yourself.
I'm going to take a shower.
X, is that you?
I got it.
I really like it. Thank you, son.
Let me know if you want to come for dinner.
Tell me what you want to eat. I'll make it for you.
Or you can tell Q.
Alright.
"If you want to eat anything, you can tell Q."
You're a troublesome person!
(Keep working on it. Because if you lose, I will ask you to...)
Who said I'm going to lose to you?
I'm so sorry.
It's okay. I know you didn't mean to do it.
Well... I...
Hey! What are you doing?
You make my blood boil!
You were handsy with my girlfriend, and now you dare to step on my freaking foot.
Shit!
You dare swear at me like that?
- You wanna mess with me, huh?
- No, sir.
You want to show off in front of a girl by slapping him, huh?
Let's not get into a fight. I'm so sorry.
It's just a misunderstanding. Let's just forget about it.
Don't take this kid too seriously. Let's go.
Are you okay?
You dare to ask me that?
If you want to start a fight, you have to know how to fight first.
What kind of girl would be interested in a weakling like you?
You were so cool just now.
That man came in like a tiger but left like a dog.
I didn't know you practiced boxing.
It's just a basic knowledge of anatomy.
It's not something new for a medical student to know the weak spots on the human body.
Let's not get off topic. Go back to work on your calculation.
I haven't finished cleaning it.
Why don't you ask the staff to do it?
Okay...
X, I think this outfit doesn't look good on you. Let's try on something else.
Oh, okay.
But could you please wait for a second?
Of course.
(Keep working on it. Because if you lose, I will ask you to...)
Which one do you want me to wear?
This one.
Sure.
Change it and come back here.
Q! What are you doing? Come down and eat!
Okay!
(Day 2)
Hey! Q! Come here.
Come here! Quick!
Come on.
Why did you tell me to come here so early in the morning?
I dropped my grandma off at her Tai Chi class and came right here to help you.
What is it?
We're here to give her snacks. Put it under her desk!
The second desk in the second row.
Where are the snacks?
Snacks, my ass!
You forgot it, right?
Shit. What should I do?
Never mind. I've prepared it for you.
After she went to the gym, she went to buy egg tarts.
But it ran out.
So I had to wait for the new one.
Take it.
Why do you give this to me?
Put it under her desk!
So, Toy gave you the egg tarts so you can give it to Mook.
Does she even know that it's you who give her that?
If I tell her, how can you call that a surprise?
Being mysterious will make her interested in me.
Don't be so full of yourself. Many people give her gifts every day.
We haven't considered what she will get from all those sponsors and product reviews.
You have less than twenty days left. So, what's the point of being so mysterious?
You've suddenly become an expert.
I'm just analyzing the situation.
Did you like her pictures yet?
I did that already.
What kind of person posts that many pictures?
I just started to like the pictures she posted two months ago, but my fingers began to lock up and cramp.
Q, I told you to start liking the pictures she posted one year ago.
You have no patience at all.
You should send her a direct message,
telling her that you bought her favorite pastry.
You should let her know you as fast as you can.
So you two can get to know each other.
But I forgot to bring my phone today.
Toy was rushing me this morning.
At least I didn't forget to bring my wallet.
Wait. You're the one who created my Instagram account.
You can work on it for me.
Fine.
I think what Frank said sounds reasonable.
You should let her know who you are so she will be impressed.
You should be more than just an ordinary fan.
What should I do?
(Q is the person who gives you the egg tarts)
You want me to hold balloons and toss petals all over the field.
Or maybe I can light up the candles in the classroom.
Something like that?
I won't do that. It's embarrassing.
What kind of girl would be interested in a weakling like you?
Huh?
I know what to do.
Girls like boys who are strong and protective.
While Mook is walking, I'll run towards her and push her into the road.
I will ride my bike and honk the horn to scare her.
And then
it's your turn.
Thank you so much... er...
Q. My name is Q.
It's you!
Prince Egg Tarts.
You're the one who's been liking my pictures on Instagram.
Are you sure that this plan will work?
You don't understand how impressive it is to have someone risking their life to protect you from harm.
How do we know that she will be in the spot we want?
About that...
You don't have to worry.
Because I have done my research.
Whenever she comes to school, her car will always drop her off and pick her up at the same spot.
So, this evening, let's begin our...
"Hero Q..."
"Gives The Hot Girl A Thrill" mission.
We'll fail for sure.